Python Practice Questions:

1.	Write a Program To REVERSE content of the given String by using slice operator? 

2.	Write a Program To REVERSE content of the given String by using reversed() function? 

3.	Write a Program To REVERSE content of the given String by using while loop? 

4.	Write a Program To REVERSE order of words present in the given string? 

5.	Write a Program To REVERSE internal content of each word? 

6.	Write a Program To REVERSE internal content of every second word present in the given string? 

7.	Write a program to print the characters present at even index and odd index separately for the given string? 

8.	Write a program to merge characters of 2 strings into a single 
string by taking characters alternatively? 

9.	Assume input string contains only alphabet symbols and digits. Write a program to sort characters of the string, first alphabet symbols followed by digits? 
	 input=B4A1D3 
	 output:ABD134 

10.	Write a program for the following requirement? 
	input=a4b3c2 
	output=aaaabbbcc 

11. Write a program for the following requirement? 
	input=a3z2b4 
	output= aaabbbbzz (sorted String) 


12.	Write a program for the following requirement? 
	input=aaaabbbccz 
	output=4a3b2c1z 

13.	Write a program for the following requirement? I
	input= a4k3b2 
	Output= aeknbd 

14. Write a program to remove duplicate characters from the given input String?
	
	Input: AZZZBCDABBCDABBBBCCCCDDDDEEEEEF 
	Output: AZBCDEF 

15. Write a program to find the number of occurrences of each character present in the given string? 

16.	Write the program for the following requirement: 
	Input: ABAABBCA 
	Output: 4A3B1C 

17.. Write the program for the following requirement: 
	Input: ABAABBCA 
	Output: A4B3C1 

18. Write a program to find the number of occurrences of each vowel present in the given string? 

19.	Write a program to check whether the given two strings are 
	anagrams or not? Note:- Two strings are said to be anagrams iff both are having same content irrespective of characters position. 

20. Write a program to check whether the given string is palindrome or not ? 
21.  Write the program for the following requirement: 
	inputs: 
		s1='abcdefg' 
		s2='xyz' 
		s3='12345' 
	output:ax1,by2,cz3,d4,e5,f,g 








